# NeighbourGoods Android App
NeighbourGoods provides a dashboard for people within the same community. On this dashboard, people can post when and where they are going shopping, allowing a specified amount of neighbours to respond if they also need items from that particular store. Each response would include their shopping list, delivery address, and a rough estimate of the cost. Once the specified amount is met or the departure time has passed, the post will then close and no more responses can be submitted. Payment should be on delivery and there would be no extra delivery cost as it is completely voluntary within the community, thus separating NeighbourGoods from other apps such as InstaCart. This app can support multiple communities where each individual community will have its own specific code. This code is used by other potential members in order to join the community. 

# Inspiration
This project was encouraged by the social distancing measures currently in place around the world during the pandemic. Inspired by how some apartment buildings operate, where they had assigned "grocery shoppers" for everyone else in the building, we recognized the effectiveness of this method to reduce the frequency of shopping trips within a community, thus helping to control the pandemic. NeighbourGoods is an app that provides a voluntary method for people to shop for each other, reducing the frequency of trips to shopping centers within a community, thereby promoting social distancing and mitigating the risks of contracting COVID-19. The name NeighbourGoods is a play on the word "neighbourhood" and "goods" which emphasizes the core aspects of the app as you are buying goods for your neighbourhood.
# Demo
For a video demonstration of how the app is used and its functionalities, please see the file "NeighbourGoods App Demo.mov".
 
